PETSc example: Areasphere (#439)
CEED/libCEED: examples/petsc/README.md

- `-test`              - Testing mode (do not print unless error is large)
- `-benchmark`         - Benchmarking mode (prints benchmark statistics)

> ### libCEED examples to compute surface area using DMPlex - areacube and areasphere

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### libCEED example to compute surface area using DMPlex - `area`
```

> These examples use the mass matrix to compute the surface area of a cube or a discrete cubed-sphere, defined via DMPlex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the mass matrix to compute the surface area of a cube or a discrete cubed-sphere, defined via DMPlex.
```

To build, run `make area`

To run, `./area -problem cube -ceed [ceed-resource] -petscspace_degree [degree]`

or

`./area -problem sphere -ceed [ceed-resource] -petscspace_degree [degree]`

> ### Command line arguments

Reviewer: If this is meant to be specific to `area`, it should be `####` (nested one level deeper), otherwise remove `-problem` below because it's only relevant to `area`.

> The following arguments can be specified for these examples:

Reviewer: Just `area` or all the PETSc examples?
